the mandalorian arrives with grago on
tithon and finds the ancient temple on
top of a mountain
he seats grago at the center so that he
may choose his path
graga meditates and a protective force
field appears around him
boba fett arrives with the mercenary
fennec and whose life he saved on
tatooine and demands the return of his
mandalorian armor a following a tense
confrontation
the mandalorian agrees to trade the
armor for the safety of grago
two imperial troop carriers arrive
carrying stormtroopers who attempt to
capture grago
honoring their agreement phet shand and
the mandalorian join forces to fend off
the advancing stormtroopers
inflicting heavy casualties
[Music]
boba fett retrieves his armor and uses
it to wipe out many stormtroopers before
firing a rocket that destroys the
fleeing troop ships
as the force field surrounding him
disappears graga collapses from
exhaustion
move gideon arrives in an imperial light
cruiser and destroys the mundlarian ship
razor crest from high overhead
gideon sends out four dark troopers who
capture grogu and take him back to the
[Music]
cruiser
fed and shand agree to help the
mandalorian save graga to honor their
debt
the mandalorian seeks the now new
republic marshal cara dunes help in
breaking out the criminal mayfeld to
help track gideon and rescue grago
[Music]
do
impressed with the force powers grago
exhibits against stormtroopers
moff gideon shows grogo the darksaber
and has a stormtrooper stun
and shackle him after gideon informs dr
pershing that they have the donor
[Music]
you